README.md, before:

# Khan Academy Exercises

Copyright 2012 Khan Academy

The exercise framework is [MIT licensed](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License).

The exercises are under a [Creative Commons by-nc-sa license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/).

## Exercise Framework

Khan Academy has created a generic framework for building exercises. This framework, together with the exercises themselves, can be used completely independently of the Khan Academy application.

The framework exists in two components:

* An HTML markup for specifying exercises.
* A jQuery plugin for generating a usable, interactive, exercise from the HTML markup.

## Writing Exercises

The process for writing exercises is rather well documented. More information about this process can be found in the [Khan Exercises wiki](https://github.com/Khan/khan-exercises/wiki). Specifically:

* [How to Get Involved](https://github.com/Khan/khan-exercises/wiki/Getting-Involved)
* [How to Write Exercises](https://github.com/Khan/khan-exercises/wiki/Writing-Exercises:-Home)
* [How to Test Exercises](https://github.com/Khan/khan-exercises/wiki/Testing-Exercises)

## More

If you're passionate about creating these exercises and want to apply to be a full-time exercise developer at the Khan Academy, [please do so](http://hire.jobvite.com/CompanyJobs/Careers.aspx?c=qd69Vfw7&page=Job%20Description&j=ohjSVfw7).

Commit message:

Update README with basic info on using local mode
Test plan: Daily for the last year

Auditors: alpert

README.md, after:

# Khan Academy Exercises

Copyright 2012 Khan Academy

The exercise framework is [MIT licensed](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License).

The exercises are under a [Creative Commons by-nc-sa license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/).

## Exercise Framework

Khan Academy has created a generic framework for building exercises. This framework, together with the exercises themselves, can be used completely independently of the Khan Academy application.

The framework exists in two components:

* An HTML markup for specifying exercises.
* A jQuery plugin for generating a usable, interactive, exercise from the HTML markup.


## Using the Framework Locally

You need to serve the files from some sort of a server. You can't just open the files directly in a browser:

    cd khan-exercises
    python -m SimpleHTTPServer # or python3 -m http.server

Now if you open your browser to `http://localhost:8000` (or `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`) you should see the contents of the `khan-exercises` directory. Navigate to the `exercises` subfolder, and an HTML file under there to see an exercise.


## Writing Exercises

The process for writing exercises is rather well documented. More information about this process can be found in the [Khan Exercises wiki](https://github.com/Khan/khan-exercises/wiki). Specifically:

* [How to Get Involved](https://github.com/Khan/khan-exercises/wiki/Getting-Involved)
* [How to Write Exercises](https://github.com/Khan/khan-exercises/wiki/Writing-Exercises:-Home)
* [How to Test Exercises](https://github.com/Khan/khan-exercises/wiki/Testing-Exercises)

## More

If you're passionate about creating these exercises and want to apply to be a full-time exercise developer at the Khan Academy, [please do so](http://hire.jobvite.com/CompanyJobs/Careers.aspx?c=qd69Vfw7&page=Job%20Description&j=ohjSVfw7).
